# Meeting 0 Minutes

Action minutes record the steps toward achieving the NORC programâ€™s strategic goals. Here is a template for keeping minutes in a manner that tracks what is getting done, not what is being said.  

| GROUP    | #8                     |
| :------- | :--------------------- |
| DATE     | 16/2/26 11am-12pm      |
| LOCATION | Laidlaw Group Booth 13 |

| Meeting Purpose | Introductions and Overall Planning |
| :-------------- | :--------------------------------- |

## 1. ATTENDANCE

Everyone

## 2. ISSUES COVERED

1. project workflow
2. project timeline
3. tasks for week 0 
4. technical details
5. project specification
6. next meeting
7. project owner meeting

## 3. DECISIONS MADE

| *Issue* | *Decision (What)* |                                                                                                                                                                                |                                                           *Rationale(Why)*                                                           |
| ------- | ----------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| 1.      | Decision A        | using PRs with reviews                                                                                                                                                         |                              to ensure all code in main has been reviewed by at least one other person                               |
| 1.      | Decision B        | Using Github Actions                                                                                                                                                           |                                      to validate all PRs mass minimum requirements for merging                                       |
| 1.      | Decision C        | Using The Github Projects Kanban board to track progress                                                                                                                       |                      so that everyone can understand what everyone else is doing (and what else has to be done)                      |
| 2.      | Decision D        | 0th week for planning, 1-5 for sprints, rest for refinement and documentation                                                                                                  | so that the core project is complete before the easter holiday and to give ample time for documentation and presentation preperation |
| 3.      | Decision E        | - get sprint 1 ready by making:<br>- some personas<br>- some user stories (w/ acceptance criteria)<br>- wireframes <br>- db structure<br>- theming <br>- finalise tech details |                                               in order to keep to the project schedule                                               |
| 4.      | Decision F        | kotlin, ktor, pebble, gradle, sqlite, multi-module architecture, ktlint, detekt, KDoc                                                                                          |                                        as these are what have been used in our other projects                                        |
| 6.      | Decision G        | Friday 20th February at 2pm in Laidlaw Library Group Booth 18                                                                                                                  |                            as that is when we are free with enough time to accomplish the meetings goals                             |
| 7.      | Decision H        | go into meeting with initial plan but ask questions about data                                                                                                                 |                              to gain a greater understanding of the project owners plan for the system                               |

## 4. RESPONSIBILITIES TAKEN

| *Decision* | *Responsible Party* | *Actions to be Taken*          | *Reporting Timeframe* |
| ---------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------ | --------------------- |
| E,G        | everyone            | attend meeting 1               | Friday 20th           |
| H          | Chester             | schedule product owner meeting | before the 27th       |


## 5. UPDATES (FROM PREVIOUS MEETINGS)

n/a

## 6. UNRESOLVED ISSUES/DETAILS TO BE ADDRESSED

1. css framework
2. product owner meeting prep
3. retrospectives? (when and how freq.)  

## 7. DATE OF NEXT MEETING

>[!NOTE]
>Friday 20th February at 2pm in Laidlaw Library Group Booth 18


